`Node.js` 14+ has reached its End of Life (#1997)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/requirements.md

## Asset manager

> - `Node.js` 14+, 16+ (`Node.js` 14+ has reached its End of Life. We recommend upgrading to the higher version to ensure you receive security updates.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Node.js` 14+, 16+ (`Node.js` 14+ has reached its End of Life. We strongly recommend using the newer version to ensure you receive security updates.)
```
IMHO. "Strongly" because of the security aspect. "Using" because this affects new installations too. "Newer" is slightly clearer I think.
